[from-docusaurus.mdx]: refresh with more Starlight-specific text (#6202)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/migrate-to-astro/from-docusaurus.mdx

- Docusaurus is a React-based single-page application (SPA). Astro sites are multi-page apps built using [`.astro` components](/en/core-concepts/astro-components/), but can also support [React, Preact, Vue.js, Svelte, SolidJS, AlpineJS, Lit](/en/core-concepts/framework-components/) and raw HTML templating.

> - Docusaurus was designed to build documentation websites and has some built-in, documentation-specific website features that you would have to build yourself in Astro. Instead, Astro offers some of these features through [Starlight: an official docs theme](https://starlight.astro.build). This website was the inspiration for that template, and runs on Starlight! You can also find more [community docs themes](https://astro.build/themes?search=&categories%5B%5D=docs) with built-in features in our Themes Showcase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Docusaurus was designed to build documentation websites and has some built-in, documentation-specific website features that you would have to build yourself in Astro. Instead, Astro offers some of these features through [Starlight: an official docs theme](https://starlight.astro.build). This website was the inspiration for Starlight, and now runs on it! You can also find more [community docs themes](https://astro.build/themes?search=&categories%5B%5D=docs) with built-in features in our Themes Showcase.
```

    </Fragment>
  </PackageManagerTabs>

> Add our MDX integration and [bring your existing content files to Starlight](https://starlight.astro.build/getting-started/#add-content).

Reviewer 2: Starlight includes the MDX integration already, so technically not required? Or should this be an OR instead of an and?

Author: Good call! The original Astro would have needed it added. Will correct!
